#summary Information on how to perform panel fine-tuning.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Panel Configuration =

Default configuration file sample located at `/opt/ovz-web-panel/config/config.yml.sample` Panel checks and tries to load configuration `/opt/ovz-web-panel/config/config.yml` You can copy sample or simply create `config.yml` and add necessary settings. If `config.yml` file is absent the defaults hardcoded inside code will be used.

Settings are in YAML format and groupped by sections. Be careful with indentation, it makes sense. Descriptions of the settings are below.

== OS Templates ==

Settings related to OS templates are shown below:

{{{
os_templates:
  mirror:
    host: download.openvz.org
    path: /template/
  passive_ftp: true
}}}

Setting `os_templates.mirror` is used for showing templates, that available for installation on physical server.

For example the following can be used to download templates from Yandex mirror:

{{{
os_templates:
  mirror:
    host: mirror.yandex.ru
    path: /mirrors/download.openvz.org/template/
}}}

Additional mirrors can be found at OpenVZ wiki. See the page with [http://wiki.openvz.org/Download_mirrors list of FTP mirrors].

Setting `os_templates.passive_ftp` in true state forces usage of passive mode for FTP connection. If firewall doesn't allow such connection, try to switch to active mode by turning this setting to false state.

== Branding ==

Settings related to branding are shown below:

{{{
branding:
  show_version: false
}}}

Setting `branding.show_version` controls if panel's version number is shown in UI. For security reasons you may want to hide the version.

== Hardware Daemon ==

Settings related to hardware daemon configuration are shown below:

{{{
hw_daemon:
  port: 7767
  timeout: 900 # 15 minutes
}}}

Setting `hw_daemon.port` allows to set default port, which should be used for communicating with hardware servers daemons.

Setting `hw_daemon.timeout` defines maximum timeout for XML-RPC call to hardware server daemon.

== Help ==

Settings related to help configuration are shown below:

{{{
help:
  admin_doc_url: "http://code.google.com/p/ovz-web-panel/wiki/AdminGuide"
  user_doc_url: "http://code.google.com/p/ovz-web-panel/wiki/UserGuide"
  support_url: "http://code.google.com/p/ovz-web-panel/wiki/Support"
}}}

Settings `help.admin_doc_url` and `help.user_doc_url` define guides location.

Setting `help.support_url` defines the link to the page with technical support information.

== Updates ==

Settings related to updates notifications are shown below:

{{{
updates:
  disabled: false
  period: 259200
}}}

Setting `updates.disabled` controls if panel checks for updates and shows notifications.

Setting `updates.period` defines the updates checking period in second (3 days by default).

= Start Up Configuration =

There is one more configuration file, which is used for start up. It is located at `/etc/owp.conf` It has simple "key-value" format. Changes take effect after panel restart. This can be done using the following command: `/etc/init.d/owp restart`

== Installation Directory ==

Parameter `INSTALL_DIR` stores panel installation directory. It is not recommended to change this parameter without real need.

{{{
INSTALL_DIR=/opt/ovz-web-panel/
}}}

== Web Server Port ==

By default web server for panel listens on the port 3000. The port can be changed using `PORT` parameter.

{{{
PORT=3000
}}}

== SSL Support ==

By default web server uses HTTP protocol. But HTTPS protocol can be forced using `SSL` parameter. The allowed values for this parameter are: `on` and `off`.

{{{
SSL=off
}}}

== Web Server Lock File ==

Web server uses lock file to detect if panel is running. Parameter `LOCK_FILE` defines lock file location. It is not recommended to change this parameter without real need.

{{{
LOCK_FILE=/var/lock/owp
}}}