#summary WHMCS integration module
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

*Improtant note: WHMCS integration module relies on Remote API which will be available only in v2.0 (not released yet). You can use dev builds to test this functionality.*

[http://www.whmcs.com/ WHMCS] is a well-known all-in-one client management, billing & support solution. Integration module allows to integrate OpenVZ Web Panel and WHMCS.

= Installation =

Integration module is shipped with OpenVZ Web Panel. It is located at `/opt/ovz-web-panel/utils/whmcs/owp/owp.php`

Need to create `owp` directory inside `<WHMCS-root>/modules/servers/` And copy `owp.php` to that directory.

= Configuration =

== Add Server ==

Go to Setup -> Servers -> Add New Server. Fill the form:
  * Main section
    * Name, e.g. Owp master server
    * Hostname, e.g. owp.you-host.com (important that this name should be resolved properly)
  * Server Details
    * Type - Owp
    * Username - admin
    * Password - your admin password for OpenVZ Web Panel

== Create Product ==

Go to Setup -> Products/Services -> Add a New Product. Fill the form:
  * Product Type - VPS/Dedicated server
  * Select Module Settings tab
  * Module name - Owp
  * Select Node, OS, Server Template and default User Role for VPS owners.

== VPS Provisioning ==

Need to have client created. Then go to Orders -> Add New Order. Fill the form, select Product created on previous step and create it. Click the order for detail. Need to fill the following fields:
  * Dedicated IP - IP address of VPS
  * Username - login for VPS owner
  * Password - password for VPS owner
After that need to click Save Changes button. After saving changes look at Modules Commands and click Create button. VPS and VPS owner will be created using OpenVZ Web Panel.
  